Refresh README: update Moderne section, links, and CLI thumbnail (#7755)
openrewrite/rewrite: README.md

It consists of an auto-refactoring engine that runs prepackaged, open source refactoring recipes for common framework migrations, security fixes, and stylistic consistency tasks—reducing your coding effort from hours or days to minutes. Build tool plugins like [OpenRewrite Gradle Plugin](https://docs.openrewrite.org/reference/gradle-plugin-configuration) and [OpenRewrite Maven Plugin](https://docs.openrewrite.org/reference/rewrite-maven-plugin) help you run these recipes on one repository at a time.

> OpenRewrite recipes have the deepest bench strength in Java, with a growing community expanding support for [additional languages and frameworks](https://docs.openrewrite.org/reference/supported-languages). It's thousands of great individuals and teams working to make software seamless to update and continuously secure. You can also easily customize recipes for your code.

Reviewer: I find this phrasing to be a bit confusing. "Deepest bench strength" doesn't mean much to me and seems like a strange analogy. "Bench strength" also didn't make much sense to me before, too lol.

Maybe we could say something like, "OpenRewrite has the strongest coverage in Java..."

The sentence about "It's thousands of great individuals..." also seems a bit bizarre to me. Here's an idea of how to rewrite this whole paragraph -

```suggestion
OpenRewrite has the strongest coverage in Java, and a growing community is expanding support for [additional languages and frameworks](https://docs.openrewrite.org/reference/supported-languages). Recipes are open source and easy to customize, so you can adapt any of them - or even write your own.
```
